My daughter did nothing wrong in this matter,
It was an apology she gave to my daughter.
Don't fire my daughter like this, I don't agree with it.
It's your turn to disagree,
I'll tell you semi-professionally,
You have to thank people like family.
If you ask the Master to pay for it, why can't your father pay for it?
A military like theirs,
I guess it was my uncle's daughter who was present at the in-laws' meeting.
What money can she come up with, all in all,
If you were hurt today, you must apologize.
Ketou Prince Ketou is satisfied with the taste
Customer head, customer head, customer head, customer head is so fast.
Is it just a glance at a mistress?
Don't hurt me
Your rules are this kind of organization
Then neither do you, my daughter.
This, this matter is the matter of the whole life before
Your daughter really can't thank my son
Let her understand this moment
Want us to get along with each other?